In the first challenge,
you were tasked with putting a bunch of console logs in order,
and waiting certain amounts of time between each one.
You might have written something like this,
but you can see that even though this looks to be correct,
we get a really jumbled order of our letters.
So let's see why that's happening.
We console log A first, that happens immediately.
Then we write a setTimeout for log B,
which will console log B and for log C. The problem is
that this is going to be non-blocking
because the setTimeout is doing work on another thread.
So this doesn't prevent console log D from happening directly after console log A.
Just like the barista in the analogy,
setTimeout means that work is happening somewhere else,
so our thread is going to move past it and do the next thing that it can do.
We need to find a way to make this console log part of these setTimeouts.
There are a lot of options for how you could have solved this,
but here's one example.
Instead of console logging D directly after the setTimeouts,
I included console log D in the last step of log C. Now when we run the code,
we can see that all of the letters
are in order and they are happening at the appropriate time.